hello every one scuzzy here and today I
have another minecraft mod view this
time it's on this mod called the THX
helicopter mod it's currently by a man
named feo zile not quite sure if i'm
saying that right it's a it's a pretty
fancy name to say the least but um yep
this is what it's going to be adding
right here as you can see it's this tiny
little helicopter that uh it's
absolutely amazing this is a pretty cool
mod for being you know so small and at
the moment it is open source so anyone
who is interested in helping nokia the
original developer you're free to help
but um yeah without further ado let's
jump right into it here what you're
gonna want to do is get the reagents to
make it and one thing i got to say i
don't like is how simple it is to make
now this is our very early in the mods
development so i'm sure it will become
more complex as it goes on but i'm at
the moment to make it you just need a
boat of wooden planks with the one on
top against that represents the rotor
assembly of it i'll make it day here but
um quickly make one here and as you can
see you'll get this thing right here now
what you're going to want to do is once
you have this you can simply right-click
the ground it will pop the helicopter
down and let's just quickly circle
around here see what we can see i like
the graphics of this as you can see
there's like a holographic display you
know has it has very good texture for it
and one cool thing is is when you get in
it by right-clicking you can actually
see the rotor start spinning and the
tail rotor to is spinning so that's your
little helicopter here to control it
it's not too complex space bar oh that's
a text hello space bar will bring you up
shift key will bring you down and if
you're not really hitting anything
you'll gradually come to a come to be
neutral now this is actually controlled
by your arrow keys so sorry w sad
controls so if you hook push forward on
w as you can see you'll go forward and
you'll grant him to hold down space to
ascend with that you can hit left left
and then right you can go back and you
need a hit you need to be holding down
space to actually power so it is a
pretty similar to driving an actor
helicopter get the third person here
this is what you kind of look like as
you sweep around your world um I'll
quickly uh see if I can demonstrate
damage now this thing isn't invincible
you'll take damage and it is relatively
a relatively easy to take damage it's
very fragile so um quickly see if I
can't drop to the ground okay and they
can't drop work enough let's just see if
I can hit something oh jeez trees trees
are good yeah yeah alright and as you
can see by hitting that I took thirty
two percent damage now when you reach a
hundred you'll blow up and you'll die so
sit some more stuff up 5486 our next hit
on anything I should be dead so let's
hop in the third person here and see if
we can't get ourselves all right so it
blew up and I died unfortunately so
let's quickly there we go but um so yeah
that's this little mod right here that's
a pretty much everything in at just a
pretty simple mod very easy to install
you simply drag the files into your jar
but uh okay destroy nature there we go
oh yeah it's going to be adding this
fancy little helicopter and as I said
it's absolutely awesome you guys are
interested in helping the developer out
I'm sure I'm sure he'd love to help you
know you can go to the go to the mod
post it'll be in the description you can
message it download the mod support the
developer don't forget to subscribe to
my channel so you guys enjoyed this
video and leave me some feedback so yeah
that's it for today guys thanks for
watching a scuzzy oh crap